what is Oracle Worship Box?
And,
of course,
why do we need to know about worship box?
Well,
for this course,
you do need to install sent OS Linux operating system on your computer,
and there are two ways you could insult.
One.
You could remove the existing operating system that you have on your computer.
Or you could install virtual box on top off your existing Windows operating system or Mac,
and then you could install sent Oso you This way you won't lose anything.
So basically,
a virtual box is a free and open source hyper wiser for X 86 computers currently being
developed by Oracle Corporation.
It insults on your existing Intel array,
MD based computers,
whether they are running Windows Macklin excess LHarris.
It extends the capabilities off your existing computer so that it can run multiple
operating systems on one hardware at the same time.
Let's see how it works.
So you have when the hardware layer and then on top off it,
you install the operating system.
Of course,
it could be anyone.
You have that as Windows or Mac,
and then you install Oracle Virtual Box.
It's just a A program,
a software that you installed on your machine like any other software that you would
install.
Once you have installed Oracle warship box,
then you could install the Lennox on it as a separate small version off operating system.
You could have windows on it,
or you could have Mac on it,
said this one.
This virtual box allows you to have multiple operating system on the same hardware.